NebulaCompatibilityAssist/README.md, before:

# Nebula Compatibility Assist

Nebula 0.8.12 hotfix:  
- Fix error on host when client put a storage chest on a logisitics distributor on remote planets.  
- Fix infinite tech level desync in client.  
- Fix that rock destroy on remote planet show effects on local planet.  
- Fix trash warning. To remove the corrupted trash warnings, click Erase All Litter button. (new)  
- Fix sometimes sorters connection desync when players are on different planets. (new)   

[Spreadsheet for Nebula compatible mods list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/193h6sISVHSN_CX4N4XAm03pQYxNl-UfuN468o5ris1s)  
This mod tries to patch some mods to make them work better in Nebula Multiplayer Mod.  
DSP Belt Reverse Direction, MoreMegaStructure are required to install on both client and host.  

### [LSTM](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/LSTM/)
- Client can now see all ILS stations when choosing system/global tab.  

### [DSPTransportStat](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/IndexOutOfRange/DSPTransportStat/)
- Client can now see all ILS stations when chaning filter conditions.  
- Client can't open remote station window yet.  

### [PlanetFinder](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/PlanetFinder/)
- Client can now see vein amount and power status on planets not loaded yet. 
- The data is updated everytime client open the window.  

### [DSPMarker](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPMarker/)
- Markers now sync when players click apply or delete button.  
- Fix red error when exiting game ([issue#8](https://github.com/appuns/DSPMarker/issues/8))   
- Fix icon didn't refresh when arriving another planet.  

### [DSPStarMapMemo](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPStarMapMemo/)
- Memo now sync when players add/remove icons, or finish editing text area.  

### [DSP Belt Reverse Direction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Belt_Reverse_Direction/)
- Now reverse direction will sync correctly.  
  Special thanks to GreyHak for permission to use his code.  

### [DSPFreeMechaCustom](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPFreeMechaCustom/)
- Free mecha appearance now sync correctly.  

### [MoreMegaStructure](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/jinxOAO/MoreMegaStructure/)
- Sync data when player change mega structure type in the editor.

### [AutoStationConfig](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Pasukaru/AutoStationConfig/)
- Sync station configuration and drone, ship, warper count.   
- Note: AutoStationConfig v1.4.0 is broken in DSP0.9.27.  

### [Auxilaryfunction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/blacksnipebiu/Auxilaryfunction/)
- Sync auto station config functions.  
- Sync planetary item fill (ships, fuel) functions.  

### [DSPOptimizations](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Selsion/DSPOptimizations/)
- Fix client crash when leaving a system.  

----

# 联机兼容支援 + 热修补丁

[联机兼容的模组列表](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/193h6sISVHSN_CX4N4XAm03pQYxNl-UfuN468o5ris1s)  
绿勾=无问题, 蓝勾=需两端皆安装, 红标=有严重冲突  
有些mod和联机模组Nebula multiplayer mod有冲突，可能造成红字错误或预期效果不正确。  
此模组提供以下mod的兼容支援, 主要是让主机和客户端显示的内容可以一致，或著修復建築不同步的問題:  

### [LSTM](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/LSTM/)
- 让客户端显示所有星际物流塔的内容  

### [DSPTransportStat](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/IndexOutOfRange/DSPTransportStat/)
- 让客户端显示所有星际物流塔的内容  
- 客户端目前无法打开非本地的物流塔  

### [PlanetFinder](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/PlanetFinder/)
- 让客户端能显示未载入星球的资源储量和电力状态  

### [DSPMarker](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPMarker/)
- 同步地图标记  
- 修复离开游戏时的错误 ([issue#8](https://github.com/appuns/DSPMarker/issues/8))  
- 修复到达另一个星球标记没更新的bug  

### [DSPStarMapMemo](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPStarMapMemo/)
- 同步星球註記  

### [DSP Belt Reverse Direction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Belt_Reverse_Direction/)
- 同步传送带反转方向
  
### [DSPFreeMechaCustom](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPFreeMechaCustom/)
- 同步免费的机甲外观  

### [MoreMegaStructure](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/jinxOAO/MoreMegaStructure/)
- 当巨构类型更改时同步资料  

### [AutoStationConfig](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Pasukaru/AutoStationConfig/)
- 同步物流站自动配置  
- 注意：AutoStationConfigv1.4.0 与 游戏版本v0.9.27 不兼容  

### [Auxilaryfunction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/blacksnipebiu/Auxilaryfunction/) [辅助多功能mod](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1SS4y1X75n)
- 同步物流站自动配置相关功能  
- 同步一键填充星球上的飞机飞船翘曲器、燃料  

### [DSPOptimizations](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Selsion/DSPOptimizations/)
- 修复客户端离开星系会使游戏崩溃的错误  

DSP Belt Reverse Direction、MoreMegaStructure必须要伺服端和客户端都得安装。  

----

## Changelog

#### v0.1.8 (Nebula 0.8.12)
\- Hotfix: Fix trash warning (error when there are litters on host and client join, positions doen't sync)  
\- Hotfix: Fix InserterOffsetCorrection which may cause desync that sorters don't work on one end.  
\- Hotfix: Fix SplitterPriorityChange packet.  

#### v0.1.7 (Nebula 0.8.12)  
\- Hotfix: Fix infinite tech level desync in client.  
\- Hotfix: Fix that rock destroy on remote planet show effects on local planet.  
\- Show possible mod patches from stacktraces on error report.  

#### v0.1.6 (Nebula 0.8.12)  
\- Hotfix: Fix error on host when client put a storage chest on a logisitics distributor on remote planets.  
\- Update PlanetFinder support version to 1.0.0.  

#### v0.1.5 (Nebula 0.8.11)  
\- Fix mod data doesn't sync correctly for another clients.  
\- Fix client mecha spawning position.  

#### v0.1.4 (Nebulad 0.8.11)  
\- Hotfix: Fix host sometimes get error when client request logistic on other planets.  
\- Hotfix for GS2 star detail doesn't display correctly for clients.  

#### v0.1.3 (Nebulad 0.8.11)
\- Hotfix: Fix logistic bots errors.  
\- Fix client error when host reverse belts on a remote planet.  

#### v0.1.2 (Nebula 0.8.10)
\- Support DSPOptimizations  

#### v0.1.1 (Nebula 0.8.10)
\- Support AutoStationConfig, Auxilaryfunction.  
\- Fix advance miner power usage abnormal of AutoStationConfig.   

#### v0.1.0 (Nebula 0.8.8)
\- Support DSPTransportStat, PlanetFinder, DSPFreeMechaCustom, MoreMegaStructure.  
\- Fix DSPMarker didn't refresh marker when local planet changed.  

#### v0.0.1  
\- Initial release. (Game Version 0.9.25.12201)

----

<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/puzzle" title="puzzle icons">Puzzle icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>

Commit message:

NebulaCompatibilityAssist-v0.1.9
- Support FactoryLocator 1.0.1
- Update MoreMegaStructure support version to 1.1.4
- Hide server ip and port during login & reconnect.
- Show the diff count of local & remote mod list when client login.

NebulaCompatibilityAssist/README.md, after:

# Nebula Compatibility Assist

Nebula 0.8.12 hotfix:  
- Fix error on host when client put a storage chest on a logisitics distributor on remote planets.  
- Fix infinite tech level desync in client.  
- Fix that rock destroy on remote planet show effects on local planet.  
- Fix trash warning. To remove the corrupted trash warnings, click Erase All Litter button.  
- Fix sometimes sorters connection desync when players are on different planets.     
- (new) Hide server ip and port in status window during login & reconnect.  
- (new) Show the diff count of local & remote mod list in chat when client login.   
  
[Spreadsheet for Nebula compatible mods list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/193h6sISVHSN_CX4N4XAm03pQYxNl-UfuN468o5ris1s)  
This mod tries to patch some mods to make them work better in Nebula Multiplayer Mod.  
DSP Belt Reverse Direction, MoreMegaStructure are required to install on both client and host.  

### [LSTM](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/LSTM/)
- Client can now see all ILS stations when choosing system/global tab.  

### [DSPTransportStat](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/IndexOutOfRange/DSPTransportStat/)
- Client can now see all ILS stations when chaning filter conditions.  
- Client can't open remote station window yet.  

### [PlanetFinder](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/PlanetFinder/)
- Client can now see vein amount and power status on planets not loaded yet. 
- The data is updated everytime client open the window.  

### [DSPMarker](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPMarker/)
- Markers now sync when players click apply or delete button.  
- Fix red error when exiting game ([issue#8](https://github.com/appuns/DSPMarker/issues/8))   
- Fix icon didn't refresh when arriving another planet.  

### [DSPStarMapMemo](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPStarMapMemo/)
- Memo now sync when players add/remove icons, or finish editing text area.  

### [DSP Belt Reverse Direction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Belt_Reverse_Direction/)
- Now reverse direction will sync correctly.  
  Special thanks to GreyHak for permission to use his code.  

### [DSPFreeMechaCustom](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPFreeMechaCustom/)
- Free mecha appearance now sync correctly.  

### [MoreMegaStructure](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/jinxOAO/MoreMegaStructure/)
- Sync data when player change mega structure type in the editor.

### [AutoStationConfig](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Pasukaru/AutoStationConfig/)
- Sync station configuration and drone, ship, warper count.   
- Note: AutoStationConfig v1.4.0 is broken in DSP0.9.27.  

### [Auxilaryfunction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/blacksnipebiu/Auxilaryfunction/)
- Sync auto station config functions.  
- Sync planetary item fill (ships, fuel) functions.  

### [DSPOptimizations](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Selsion/DSPOptimizations/)
- Fix client crash when leaving a system.  

### [FactoryLocator](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/starfi5h/FactoryLocator/)
- Client can now see info of remote planet (Require Host to install FactoryLocator too).   
----

# 联机兼容支援 + 热修补丁

[联机兼容的模组列表](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/193h6sISVHSN_CX4N4XAm03pQYxNl-UfuN468o5ris1s)  
绿勾=无问题, 蓝勾=需两端皆安装, 红标=有严重冲突  
有些mod和联机模组Nebula multiplayer mod有冲突，可能造成红字错误或预期效果不正确。  
此模组提供以下mod的兼容支援, 主要是让主机和客户端显示的内容可以一致，或著修復建築不同步的問題:  

### [LSTM](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/LSTM/)
- 让客户端显示所有星际物流塔的内容  

### [DSPTransportStat](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/IndexOutOfRange/DSPTransportStat/)
- 让客户端显示所有星际物流塔的内容  
- 客户端目前无法打开非本地的物流塔  

### [PlanetFinder](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/hetima/PlanetFinder/)
- 让客户端能显示未载入星球的资源储量和电力状态  

### [DSPMarker](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPMarker/)
- 同步地图标记  
- 修复离开游戏时的错误 ([issue#8](https://github.com/appuns/DSPMarker/issues/8))  
- 修复到达另一个星球标记没更新的bug  

### [DSPStarMapMemo](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPStarMapMemo/)
- 同步星球註記  

### [DSP Belt Reverse Direction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Belt_Reverse_Direction/)
- 同步传送带反转方向
  
### [DSPFreeMechaCustom](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/DSPFreeMechaCustom/)
- 同步免费的机甲外观  

### [MoreMegaStructure](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/jinxOAO/MoreMegaStructure/)
- 当巨构类型更改时同步资料  

### [AutoStationConfig](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Pasukaru/AutoStationConfig/)
- 同步物流站自动配置  
- 注意：AutoStationConfigv1.4.0 与 游戏版本v0.9.27 不兼容  

### [Auxilaryfunction](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/blacksnipebiu/Auxilaryfunction/) [辅助多功能mod](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1SS4y1X75n)
- 同步物流站自动配置相关功能  
- 同步一键填充星球上的飞机飞船翘曲器、燃料  

### [DSPOptimizations](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/Selsion/DSPOptimizations/)
- 修复客户端离开星系会使游戏崩溃的错误  

### [FactoryLocator](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/starfi5h/FactoryLocator/)
- 让客户端能显示未载入星球的建物讯息(需求主机也安装mod)  

DSP Belt Reverse Direction、MoreMegaStructure必须要伺服端和客户端都得安装。  

----

## Changelog

#### v0.1.9 (Nebula 0.8.12)
\- Support FactoryLocator 1.0.1  
\- Update MoreMegaStructure support version to 1.1.4  
\- Hide server ip and port during login & reconnect.  
\- Show the diff count of local & remote mod list when client login.  

#### v0.1.8 (Nebula 0.8.12)
\- Hotfix: Fix trash warning (error when there are litters on host and client join, positions doen't sync)  
\- Hotfix: Fix InserterOffsetCorrection which may cause desync that sorters don't work on one end.  
\- Hotfix: Fix SplitterPriorityChange packet.  

#### v0.1.7 (Nebula 0.8.12)  
\- Hotfix: Fix infinite tech level desync in client.  
\- Hotfix: Fix that rock destroy on remote planet show effects on local planet.  
\- Show possible mod patches from stacktraces on error report.  

#### v0.1.6 (Nebula 0.8.12)  
\- Hotfix: Fix error on host when client put a storage chest on a logisitics distributor on remote planets.  
\- Update PlanetFinder support version to 1.0.0.  

#### v0.1.5 (Nebula 0.8.11)  
\- Fix mod data doesn't sync correctly for another clients.  
\- Fix client mecha spawning position.  

#### v0.1.4 (Nebulad 0.8.11)  
\- Hotfix: Fix host sometimes get error when client request logistic on other planets.  
\- Hotfix for GS2 star detail doesn't display correctly for clients.  

#### v0.1.3 (Nebulad 0.8.11)
\- Hotfix: Fix logistic bots errors.  
\- Fix client error when host reverse belts on a remote planet.  

#### v0.1.2 (Nebula 0.8.10)
\- Support DSPOptimizations  

#### v0.1.1 (Nebula 0.8.10)
\- Support AutoStationConfig, Auxilaryfunction.  
\- Fix advance miner power usage abnormal of AutoStationConfig.   

#### v0.1.0 (Nebula 0.8.8)
\- Support DSPTransportStat, PlanetFinder, DSPFreeMechaCustom, MoreMegaStructure.  
\- Fix DSPMarker didn't refresh marker when local planet changed.  

#### v0.0.1  
\- Initial release. (Game Version 0.9.25.12201)

----

<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/puzzle" title="puzzle icons">Puzzle icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
